README.md, before:

# dv-ingestor
## 1. Introduction
A microservice that is writing data to ES. We use the docker container to hold the environment so that npm does not need to install in your local environment.

> Prerequisite:
> - Install Docker: https://www.docker.com/get-docker
> - For convenience, you may want to add docker cli as first-class citizen in your terminal: https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/linux-postinstall/

> Note:
> All of our command based on Linux/Mac 

## 2. The Easy Way: Start all service with script
Just run 
```shell
./helper.sh
```
Then Open your browser and hit localhost:3000, you should be able to see the hello world!

Open another tab and hit localhost:5601, you will access the Kibana

## 3. The Hard Way: Start Ingestor Connect with ElasticSearch Using Docker
1. Create a customized network
```shell
docker network create dv_ingestor_network --driver=bridge
``` 
2. Bootstrap a Elastic Search server by using docker:
```shell
docker run -d --rm --name elasticsearch -p 9200:9200 -p 9300:9300 -e "discovery.type=single-node" --network dv_ingestor_network docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:6.2.4
```
3. Build the docker image, run the command in your *repository root*:
```shell
docker build -f dev/Dockerfile -t dv-ingestor --build-arg DEV_HOME=$(pwd) .
```
4. Run the docker image with command:
```shell
docker run --rm --name dv-ingestor -v $(pwd):$(pwd) -p 3000:3000 --network dv_ingestor_network dv-ingestor
```

5. View the ES through Kibana
```shell
docker run -d --rm --name kibana -p 5601:5601 --network dv_ingestor_network docker.elastic.co/kibana/kibana:6.2.4
```

## 4. What is next?...
Some useful command:

curl -X POST "localhost:9200/yow/_delete_by_query" -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d'
{
  "query": {
    "match_all": {}
  }
}
'

http://127.0.0.1:9200/yow/_search?pretty=true&q=*:*

http://localhost:3000/read?fileName=data

Commit message:

Add debug and hot deploy ability for the app

README.md, after:

# dv-ingestor
## 1. Introduction
A microservice that is writing data to ES. We use the docker container to hold the environment so that npm does not need to install in your local environment.

> Prerequisite:
> - Install Docker: https://www.docker.com/get-docker
> - For convenience, you may want to add docker cli as first-class citizen in your terminal: https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/linux-postinstall/

> Note:
> All of our command based on Linux/Mac 

## 2. The Easy Way: Start all service with script
Just run 
```shell
./helper.sh
```
Then Open your browser and hit localhost:3000, you should be able to see the hello world!

Open another tab and hit localhost:5601, you will access the Kibana

> Important!
> Whenever you modify the Dockerfile, you have to rebuild the image, to trigger that through script, you need to use the command:
> ```shell
> docker rmi dv-ingestor
> ```
> The command will remove the current build image so that the script will detect that and build a new image
> TODO: Move build image to a separate command!

## 3. The Hard Way: Start Ingestor Connect with ElasticSearch Using Docker
1. Create a customized network
```shell
docker network create dv_ingestor_network --driver=bridge
``` 
2. Bootstrap a Elastic Search server by using docker:
```shell
docker run -d --rm --name elasticsearch -p 9200:9200 -p 9300:9300 -e "discovery.type=single-node" --network dv_ingestor_network docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:6.2.4
```
3. Build the docker image, run the command in your *repository root*:
```shell
docker build -f dev/Dockerfile -t dv-ingestor --build-arg DEV_HOME=$(pwd) .
```
4. Run the docker image with command:
```shell
docker run --rm --name dv-ingestor -v $(pwd):$(pwd) -p 3000:3000 --network dv_ingestor_network dv-ingestor
```

5. View the ES through Kibana
```shell
docker run -d --rm --name kibana -p 5601:5601 --network dv_ingestor_network docker.elastic.co/kibana/kibana:6.2.4
```

## 4. How to use Kibana
In the Navigation Bar, find the Dev Tools, input the following snippet
```
GET /yow/_search
{
  "query": {
    "match_all": {}
  }
}
```
This will display all of the records under index yow

## 5. Debug the app
### 5.1 Debug through Chrome
1. Open chrome and go to chrome://inspect/#devices
2. Click *Open dedicated DevTools for Node* and a new DevTool window will popup. 
3. Click Source Tab and use Mac shortcut Command+P to search app.js
4. You can set breakpoint in the file and when you reload the app in browser it should hit the breakpoint.
### 5.2 Debug through VS Code
Haven't figure out yet...

## 6. What is next?...
Some useful command:

curl -X POST "localhost:9200/yow/_delete_by_query" -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d'
{
  "query": {
    "match_all": {}
  }
}
'

http://127.0.0.1:9200/yow/_search?pretty=true&q=*:*

http://localhost:3000/read?fileName=data
